Just go ahead and press that button.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
With the high wind warning
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
A glittering gem is not enough.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
I am never at home on Sundays.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
The lake is a long way from here.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
Be careful with that butter knife.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
I want more detailed information.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
With the high wind warning
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
Just go ahead and press that button.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
The heat
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
Hit me with your pet shark!
It took him a month to finish the meal.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
She was too short to see over the fence.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
She cried diamonds.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
At last
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
I’m a living furnace.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
Mary plays the piano.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
Please wait outside of the house.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
A glittering gem is not enough.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.
This is a Japanese doll.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
With the high wind warning
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
She advised him to come back at once.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.
I want more detailed information.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
We should play with legos at camp.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
The heat
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.
Two seats were vacant.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
I am never at home on Sundays.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
Just go ahead and press that button.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
On each full moon
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
Love is not like pizza.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.
She did her best to help him.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
Instead of a bachelorette party
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
The book is in front of the table.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
We need to rent a room for our party.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
The stranger officiates the meal.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
In that instant, everything changed.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
Flying fish few by the space station.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
He drank life before spitting it out.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
Not all people who wander are lost.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
Greetings from the real universe.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
The father died during childbirth.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
Don't step on the broken glass.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
We have a lot of rain in June.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
Let me help you with your baggage.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
So long and thanks for the fish.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
Art doesn't have to be intentional.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
The old apple revels in its authority.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
The lake is a long way from here.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
There's a message for you if you look up.
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.
Be careful with that butter knife.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
The river stole the gods.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.